Robbie, just me welcoming is absolutely wonderful.
Richard and Marilyn bought it for me for my birthday.
They're so thoughtful.
You are very lucky Robbie to have such a nice family.
You something wrong, Alexandra? No, nothing.
Yes, there is. I can tell.
What's the matter? Come on, you can tell me. What's up?
I don't know. Something's wrong.
Okay, let's talk.
I received a letter from my parents this morning.
Did they write some bad news? No.
Well, then why are you so sad? I miss them. I miss them very much.
Sorry, Alexandra.
But I understand.
The Moinas treat me so nicely.
And I love being with your family so much.
When I receive the letter with photographs of my family, I cried.
I cried because I missed them all.
You really miss your family, don't you? Yes.
I know I must seem silly.
It's not like I have nobody.
I like the Moinas very much and they're so kind to me.
Hey, why don't we go out for a cheeseburger and french fries? That'll cheer you up.
And you can use my Walkman.
That's a good idea.
But if we go out, please don't complain about your math teacher or your math homework.
I want to have fun.
So do I. I have to turn off the lights or else my father would get really angry.
He says I never turned them out when I leave.
If they come home and they're on.
Do you hear something? Yes, what was that?
It sounded like a dog barking.
Ah, sound like a dog barking right here.
Yeah.
A dog.
A springer spaniel.
Come on in, make yourself at home.
Oh, you poor little thing.
Come here. Come on.
Poor baby.
Where did you come from?
And then Jenna.
And she belongs to Mr. and Mrs. Levinson.
There's a phone number.
555-8448.
Robbie, maybe you should call them.
And tell the Levinson's we have their cute little spaniel.
I've always wanted a springer spaniel. She's so cute.
What?
The number you are calling 555-8448 is no longer in service.
The number's no longer in service.
Oh, you poor baby. You lost your family.
We'll find them. Don't worry, Alexandra.
I'll be right back.
Alexandra and I are such good friends.
We listen to music together and go places together and talk about things like today.
Alexandra was so unhappy and I didn't understand why at first.
I received a letter from my parents this morning.
Did they write some bad news?
No.
Why are you so sad?
Then I realized that Alexandra was lonely.
She was so lonely without her family.
You really miss your family, don't you?
Yes.
I know I must seem silly.
It's not like I have nobody.
I like them, Alina, very much and they're so kind to me.
She seemed so sad.
I had to cheer her up.
I got an idea.
We always have such a good time when we go out together.
Hey, why don't we go out for a cheeseburger and french fries?
That'll cheer you up.
But then Gemma showed up.
I did!
I think Alexandra felt better.
She wasn't the only one who missed her family.
Gemma did too.
Gemma looked so lonely.
It was such a sad face.
And Alexandra understood it.
Oh, you're pretty pretty.
You've lost your family.
Don't worry, Alexandra.
We'll find them.